# Stock-Market-Prediction-using-LSTM-Mapped-with-Sentiment-Analysis

Stock market is one of the efficient methods to generate a good amount 
of capital. If somebody is able to predict any stock’s price then he/she 
can be a millionaire or billionaire overnight. Predicting how the stock 
market will perform is one of the most difficult things to do. There are so 
many factors involved in the prediction – physical factors vs. physiological, 
rational and irrational behavior, etc. All these aspects combine to make 
share prices volatile and very difficult to predict with a high degree of 
accuracy.

 In this project, we are aiming to take all these factors in account 
and generate an accurate predictor for the trend of the stock market. The 
aim is to predict the future values of the financial stocks of any company, 
thus the name is ‘Stock market prediction’. The project focuses on the use 
of Regression and Long Short-Term Memory based Machine learning to 
predict stock values. While developing a procedure, it is to be believed 
that, in a market a few associations are significantly related, critically 
related, and some presumably would not be associated in any way shape 
or form. Using these associations, machines can settle on a choice on 
what basis the data has been given. The Classifiers then, in the way of 
removing feature sets and mapping them to names, take those abilities 
and fit the given data according to the destined.

# Objectives

The objectives of our project are:-
1. To predict the stock market prices and visualize them.

2. To find the correlation between public sentiment and market 
sentiment.

3. To predict the stock rate movements using twitter data by predicting 
public mood. 

4. To find and analyse the prediction model for finding and analysing 
correlation between contents of tweets and stock prices and then 
using them for future prices by employing machine learning. 

5. To recognize the patterns which confirm this correlation and use 
them to predict the future behavior of the various stock prices.

# Methodology

Implementing a mix of machine learning algorithms to predict the future 
stock price of the company with simple algorithms like multiple linear 
regression and employing advanced techniques like Auto ARIMA (Time 
Series Forecasting) and LSTM is the main approach for our project. Also, 
in order to make the algorithm more accurate we will be mapping the 
algorithms with the factors which are described as: -
1. Difference between Supply and Demand

2. Election and any other big event

3. Chasing the biggies

4. Economic Indicators

5. Public Sentiments

Algorithms which will be used in our project to predict the future stock of 
a company are:-

• Multiple Linear Regression

• Auto ARIMA

• LSTM (Long short-term memory)

# Conclusion

The experimental results show that it is possible to model stock price 
based on historical trading data by using a three layer neural network. In 
general, both steepest descent network and conjugate gradient network 
produce the same level of error and reach the same level of direction 
prediction accuracy. Conjugate gradient approach has advantages of 
steepest descent approach. It does not require empirical determination of 
network. As opposed to zigzag motion in steepest descent approach, its 
orthogonal search prevents a good point being spoiled. Theoretically, the 
convergence of the second order conjugate gradient method is faster than 
the first order steepest descent approach. This is verified in our 
experiment. In regard to initial starting point, the experimental results 
show the good starting point generated by multiple linear regression 
weight initialization is spoiled by subsequent direction in steepest descent 
network. On the contrary, regression initialization provides a good starting 
point, improving the convergence of conjugate gradient learning.
